[Applause]
watching hugh grant and his stutteringly
pathetic
charm is about as appealing to me as
closing my scrotum in a dvd
case
do you are these real or do you make
them up to be especially nasty
kate hudson is a dead eyed trash bag
that smells like low tide
greg kaneer star
great genera stars and holy who gives a
coming soon chris evans is a
stupid bearded sweater wearing dumb dork
melissa mccarthy is the medea of white
people
jane lynch have bigger than ultimate
warrior
norman reedus i can fit two fists and a
leg in my
hit me up okay
tongue punch in the fart box is a
neglected phrase
use it today example margot robbie
deserves a tongue punch
in the fog box
anthony mackie is probably just angry
that he looks like a aardvark
judd apatow has completely ruined
manhood
olivia wilde's forehead is the same size
as my left ass cheek
and i weigh 250 pounds so i'll let you
imagine
just how big that must be paul rudd
is the most boring vanilla dude you know
he just sits at home with his wife
having a bland
spaghetti dinner talking about his day
that's pretty funny why does ryan
gosling always look like he's trying to
squeeze a fart out without
making any noise what a gentleman
has zac efron ever been in a film where
he didn't play a total douche
i've never seen one of his films i'm
just judging by his
oh how face lose nickelback p.s
you wander sites start with nickelback
russell crowe is delightfully
paradoxical
in that he is a huge with a small penis
brian cranston looks like jim carrey
impersonating matthew mcconaughey
all right all right all righty then
i keep forgetting that kiefer sutherland
isn't dead well if you ever wrote this
if it makes you feel better it's not for
a lack of trying
oh yeah
[Applause]
if that gross ratty old man george
clooney can find a girl
you regular fellas out there in the
twitterverse must be
drowning in